Of course you can't stand it!
The boss said that you are now back at the Lu family
Do you want to tell all your vests to the Lu family?
No, not yet.
Brothers, what do you mean?
What, auntie, your kid doesn't have eyes
Do not want to return it.
Don't be angry, haha.
Little sister
Bo Shao is rampant because he is the calf of the Bo family
You saw that the second brother beat him in two days.
He doesn't even recognize his own grandfather
Okay, you know the elder brother
Don't come out and embarrass yourself
By the way, I heard that after the Shen family became wealthy merchants
Give my little sister 1,000 yuan every month
Little sister had a hard time in the past
You see, there's not even a decent chef.
Brothers, 1,000 dollars?
Little sister, you have been through too much before, come on
little sister
Big brother has prepared a supreme black gold card for you
I'll take it and check it casually.
And second brother
Second brother is not working
I picked a necklace for you.
Little sister, don't dislike it.
This is a gift prepared by the third brother for you.
And me?
Fourth brother doesn't have it, haha.
If it's bad when you're handsome
So be it.